leni preface with the fact that I knew
this video was coming I knew it was
gonna happen but I didn't know what was
gonna be happening like this I have
asked people like what they would think
if I cut my hair also like I've taken it
to Instagram and a lot of people told me
to come I hair but a lot of people said
to keep it the way it is so this is my
natural hair it's just kind of wavy it
goes down to like below my belt and then
in the back so I did do a couple other
haircutting videos on my channel so if
you want to check those out I'll leave
like the hair playlist that I have so
I'm like getting so nervous I do love
this hair because it is so pretty like I
really love it I just love it but I like
can't stand it so the next thing I'm
gonna do is pull my hair way to the back
and literally I'm probably gonna have
like the sweatiest pits by the end of
this because when I'm anxious I sweat
and I'm anxious right now so now I'm
gonna stick this hair down my shirt tell
me if you guys have ever done this
before where your hair will be stuck in
your shirt or something then you gotta
pull it out and see like like how you'd
like a short hair everything I say about
short hair in this video is my opinion
of how short hair looks on me personally
in no way am i trying to say that anyone
else looks bad with short hair I know so
many people who look so good with their
short hair just personally I don't think
it looks the best on me so bad like this
we're definitely not into this haircut
ever
okay this is more of like a Lord
Farquaad look right now I still look bad
like short hair ain't it for me okay I
think is a little better
I still like don't think that looks good
on me like if I was a mother then this
short hair could look I don't know let
me know what you think this is more the
territory that I was thinking yeah I
think I'm gonna go like there oh man
my main thing and this has been the case
since I was like 7 years old if I'm
gonna get my hair cut sure
then it absolutely has to fit into a
ponytail ponytail has to be like up here
at my head and still all the hair can
like be firmly secure and it's not like
I'm gonna jump around and it's all gonna
fall up cuz that would be horrible in
preparation for this video I did stumble
across Brad mando's video on how to cut
your own hair and so I'm going to follow
his tips because I mean I want this
video to do well but I also want to look
good so I'm just gonna like do a botched
job when I could do a better job I need
to say I'm sure some of you are like I
don't know why this is such a big deal
to you I don't know either like I wish
it wasn't a big deal I wish I was like
whatever I just think in general most
girls just have some kind of connection
to their hair and the thought of like
getting some of it chopped off is like
very stressful especially if you're
doing it yourself and you literally have
no training
Brad mondo is a hair stylist on YouTube
and what he said to do if you're cutting
your hair at home is to keep it dry and
then to straighten it I'm hoping though
is that I'll be able to like do more
with my hair because it's just so long
that it's so hard to do anything I'm not
used to it but I just think getting
something off will be great I was
planning to get this done at the salon
I'm like I was gonna have her cut my
hair and I was going to wait I like I'm
like her I know will be over hopefully
soon and I'll just wait and then go then
but like over break him just like this
is driving me insane
I need it kind of now and I have no idea
when those lawns are opening so why
don't I just do it myself I'm gonna go
ahead and straighten this really quick I
love the layers that I have in my hair
and I know the way I cut it I'm not
gonna be able to have the same layers
because I can't do what the hairstyles
can do Brad said - I'm just gonna put
this in so I can keep these separate the
thing is like I'm going to college and I
want to look good and all I know is that
like my long hair looks good see my long
is this I know other people's long is
like that's long to me that's like short
I haven't told anybody in my family that
I'm doing this right now because
want to get everybody I know this is
like my heart is like pounding so fast
how am I supposed to cut this myself I'm
literally on the verge of an actual
mental breakdown so then I would shop it
here what am i doing okay so I actually
do have real-life scissors these are
some really good ones
my dad cuts his own hair you cuts my
brother's hair and so oh it's gonna grow
back
okay this shirt is literally giving me
anxiety I'm switching it alright I
changed my shirt because I can't handle
I don't know that just just choose
Jessel hopefully you can still see my
hair I'm not V I'm not over exaggerating
this is really stressing me out do not
cry I feel like I need to stand up how
am i doing I'm just gonna do it
[Music]
the Lighting's horrible Riley just doing
ever thought cutting off my hair would
cause me to go through the five stages
of grief but here we are
[Music]
there's nothing you can do you gotta
stop great or you're gonna mess this up
it's not crying stop being a baby this
is reality this is how it's gonna be
your hair is short it's okay it's gonna
look really cute you're gonna love it
you are good you're good like you're
gonna like this you're gonna like it
okay it's okay I can do this I can't
look at this or I'm gonna start crying
again
literally it needed to be longer because
I straightened it
it's cute look good you're gonna look
good this would be grown out by the time
you leave for college like literally
it's gonna look so good so good this is
gonna look so good Riley like just looks
so good are you kidding me like okay now
how am I supposed to do these once I'm
just gonna try to do it longer just to
make sure I'm not gonna like super mess
it up I just feel like I'm in shock
honestly these are the hair ties
literally you already cut off half your
hair you like can't stop now so many
people love shorter hair Riley like so
many people love it and you're gonna
love it too your hair isn't even not
sure either look how gross that looks
like you're so dumb you were so dumb
literally so next I'm so sorry
I'm like so monotone now I know because
because I'm trying not to cry take it
out
are we ready to see my look I know that
these pieces are not not it cuz if you
look at all of them oh pretty much all
over the place like the two front ones
match and the two back ones match but
there's gonna be like an immediate shelf
I'm gonna see yeah yeah that's pretty
bad it's pretty big difference there
this is kind of cute though
you can see like this is a short hair
and that's the long hair and so there
needs to be the same length it's gonna
be fine
I don't even know what to do so the
whole woods to you guys it is so messed
up I pride myself on being good at this
[Music]
I'm gonna be really interested to see
what my dad thinks it is because he
really likes long hair and so I would
not be surprised if he says like oh
that's ok but I like your long hair
better honestly I might just have my dad
fix it because I can't see anything
I thought the last ponytail was short in
my other video it's just so messed up
so here it is guys honestly I'm coming
to really like it I'd like to see what
it looks like curled it's obviously like
still really jacked up at the bottom I
think it's okay right now but I need to
get it fixed so my dad will probably
have to do that let's go ahead and show
my siblings who are help I'm sorry can I
can you come in here
oh no just stand right there ready be
quiet what
your hair yeah I used to go down here
I'm sorry I get that what do you think I
don't like it why I like okay show you
guys something no we're gonna actually
be tried I like do you it's like it's
not straight like the back thank you I'm
so glad you like it
no come here look at me would not the
camera look at me what's different
don't say anything soon yeah where did
it used to go yeah do you like it
sure sure what you sure mean max it's
not it's not bad music I like your yeah
it's so not straight I neither say I
need your help
it's obviously a little while later
because I'm not wearing the same clothes
my hair is curled and I have a genuine
smile on my I wanted to film the outro a
few days later just so I could first of
all end on a positive note and second of
all give you an accurate representation
of how I feel about my hair being this
length and I'm pleased to say that I'm
really liking this length
it feels so healthy and it's really easy
to manage when I had long hair I could
never just like run my hands through my
hair cuz it would get caught in all of
the tangles and now it's just it's super
soft and smooth it's super quick to do
my hair like I curled this in like five
seconds anyway I really
you guys enjoyed this video I hope you
had a chance to laugh my siblings
definitely laugh their heads off when
they watch this video they thought it
was just hilarious and every time I
would cry they would just like think it
was the funniest thing in the world so I
hope it was just overall a funny video
for you to watch and again I just want
to remind you take anything I said about
short hair with a grain of salt I was
definitely feeling pretty distraught
when I chopped my hair off as well as
just seeing myself in the beginning with
what I would look like with if my hair
was like this short just me personally I
don't think I look that great with it
make sure to check out the link below if
you want to see any of the other
haircutting videos I've done I've cut my
sister's hair twice those videos were
filmed a couple years ago so they're a
little more awkward but if you are into
watching me be more awkward than I
already am then you can check this out
and there's also one of me just getting
my hair cut at the salon so if you don't
watch that one too that's also linked in
the playlist if you're a new hair make
sure to subscribe I hope you all enjoyed
the video if you did give it a thumbs up
and make sure to click develop so that
you can be notified anytime I upload
just for reference I upload on Fridays
at 5 p.m. I love you guys so much and
I'll see you in next video bye
[Music]